#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/test.txt requirements/test.in
#
amqp==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.2.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via virtualenv
astroid==2.3.3
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
aws-sam-translator==1.33.0
    # via cfn-lint
aws-xray-sdk==2.6.0
    # via moto
billiard==3.6.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
boto3==1.16.51
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   moto
boto==2.49.0
    # via moto
botocore==1.19.51
    # via
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
celery==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
cfn-lint==0.44.3
    # via moto
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click-log==0.3.2
    # via edx-lint
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   moto
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
decorator==4.4.2
    # via networkx
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
distlib==0.3.1
    # via virtualenv
django-cors-headers==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-dynamic-fixture==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-extensions==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-guardian==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
django-mysql==3.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-storages==1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-user-tasks==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-mysql
    #   django-storages
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   rest-condition
djangorestframework==3.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   rest-condition
docker==4.4.1
    # via moto
docopt==0.6.2
    # via pipreqs
drf-jwt==1.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
ecdsa==0.14.1
    # via python-jose
edx-api-doc-tools==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-drf-extensions==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-lint==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
factory-boy==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   pyjwkest
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   moto
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonpickle
    #   jsonschema
    #   kombu
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
importlib-resources==3.2.1
    # via
    #   cfn-lint
    #   virtualenv
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isort[requirements]==4.3.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
    #   moto
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsondiff==1.1.2
    # via moto
jsonpatch==1.28
    # via cfn-lint
jsonpickle==1.4.2
    # via aws-xray-sdk
jsonpointer==2.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cfn-lint
junit-xml==1.9
    # via cfn-lint
kombu==4.6.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.4.3
    # via astroid
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via pylint
mock==3.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   moto
moto==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
networkx==2.4
    # via cfn-lint
newrelic==5.24.0.153
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==20.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pathlib2==2.3.5
    # via pytest
pathspec==0.8.1
    # via yamllint
pbr==5.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pip-api==0.0.17
    # via isort
pipreqs==0.4.10
    # via isort
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycodestyle==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.9.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.0.11
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.6
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pylint==2.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pymongo==3.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest-cov==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest==6.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   moto
python-jose==3.2.0
    # via moto
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2020.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   moto
pyyaml==5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cfn-lint
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   moto
    #   yamllint
redis==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   coreapi
    #   docker
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   moto
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   yarg
responses==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   moto
rest-condition==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
rsa==4.7
    # via python-jose
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ruamel.yaml
ruamel.yaml==0.16.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
s3transfer==0.3.3
    # via boto3
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   astroid
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cfn-lint
    #   cryptography
    #   django-dynamic-fixture
    #   django-simple-history
    #   docker
    #   drf-yasg
    #   ecdsa
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   jsonschema
    #   junit-xml
    #   mock
    #   moto
    #   pathlib2
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-jose
    #   responses
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   social-auth-core
    #   stevedore
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
    #   websocket-client
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==1.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   faker
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tox==3.21.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
typed-ast==1.4.2
    # via astroid
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   responses
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
virtualenv==20.3.0
    # via tox
websocket-client==0.57.0
    # via docker
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via moto
wrapt==1.11.2
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   aws-xray-sdk
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via moto
yamllint==1.25.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
yarg==0.1.9
    # via pipreqs
zipp==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
